Update README.md (#1010)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/yebai/Turing.jl/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/yebai/Turing.jl?branch=master)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/doc-latest-blue.svg)](https://turing.ml/dev/docs/using-turing/)

> **Turing.jl** is a Julia library for general-purpose [probabilistic programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Probabilistic_programming_language). Turing allows the user to write models using standard Julia syntax, and provide a wide range of sampling-based inference methods for solving problems across probabilistic machine learning, Bayesian statistics and data science etc. Compared to other probabilistic programming languages, Turing has a special focus on modularity, and decouples the modelling language (i.e. the compiler) and inference methods. This modular design, together with the use of a high-level numerical language Julia, makes Turing particularly extensible: new model families and inference methods can be easily added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Turing.jl** is a Julia library for general-purpose [probabilistic programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Probabilistic_programming_language). Turing allows the user to write models using standard Julia syntax, and provides a wide range of sampling-based inference methods for solving problems across probabilistic machine learning, Bayesian statistics, and data science. Compared to other probabilistic programming languages, Turing has a special focus on modularity, and decouples the modelling language (i.e. the compiler) and inference methods. This modular design, together with the use of a high-level numerical language Julia, makes Turing particularly extensible: new model families and inference methods can be easily added.
```
